#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_test.in
#
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
django==3.2.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
google-api-core==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.43.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
google-auth==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.20.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
mollie-api-python==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
protobuf==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pyotp==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
qrcode==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   mollie-api-python
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mollie-api-python
rsa==4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mollie-api-python
    #   requests
